# 5.1CouponPractical
The goal of this project was to examine data, using knowledge of visualizations and probability distributions, to create a brief report that highlights the differences between customers who did and did not accept driving coupons. The reason is, when one determines profiles for customers that accepted, or rejected, the coupons, one can later use these profiles to predict future coupon acceptance or rejection. 
It appeared that there were no large differences in numbers between the accepted and rejected coupons, except that more persons accepted restaurant coupons than rejected them. After exploring much data for rejected and accepted coupons, and focusing on analyses for accepted coupons, there was one strong pattern discovered. It was that 94.74% (18 of 19) coupons for coffee houses were accepted in the context of a sunny day. To answer the question, will the customer accept the coupon?  The correct answer is, based on the lack of clear contrasts found in the data, we do not know. However, discovered was a strong pattern for coffee house coupons. Based on the data, any customer is highly likely to accept the coffee house coupon on a sunny day.
The analyses here include one graph that depicts 18 of 19 persons accepted the coffee house coupon on a sunny day (the following is the link to entire the Jupyter Notebook File file:///C:/Users/cnrj/CJJupyterLink.html). Future directions for this research could include additional confirmatory analyses. Also, more can be examined regarding what type of coffee is purchased, for instance hot or iced. If hot coffee is purchased, for example, this finding would be counterintuitive, as it would make more sense that iced coffee would be purchased on a sunny day.  
